.TH "Virgulino" 3 "02.03.2016" "1.0" "POSIX Programmer's Manual"

.SH PROLOG
This manual page is part of the POSIX Programmer's Manual. The Linux implementation of this interface may differ (consult the corresponding Linux manual page for details of Linux behavior), or the interface may not be implemented on Linux.

.SH NAME
Virgulino - easly encryption and steganography

.SH DESCRIPTION
A easy way to encrypt messages

.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fB#include\fR <\fBvirgulino/cypher.h\fR>
The functions that will actually encrypt/decrypt the message.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fBvirgulino/color_set.h\fR
A set of codes to define colors on output. It can be useful for many reasons.
.TP
\fBvirgulino/output.h\fR
It has every function to handle with any output provided by \fBvirgulino\fR.
.TP
\fBvirgulino/definitions.h\fR
A bunch of macros and precompiled definitions to be used on anothers headers.
.TP
\fBvirgulino/cypher_utils.h\fR
A bunch of utilitary functions to help on the cyphering/encrypting decyphering/decrypting processes.
.TP
\fBvirgulino/hide.h\fR
The steganography function.
.TP
\fBvirgulino/virgulino.h\fR
Where commandline arguments are treated and to variavles are configured to satsfy the proper arguments given by the end-user.

.SH LampiãoSec
.RI https://lampiaosec.github.io

.RI lampiaosec[at]riseup[dot]net

.SH See more
.RI https://github.com/lampiaosec/virgulino

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2016 LampiãoSec <https://lampiaosec.github.io>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.RE
